1	    	For eons, mankind has sought to find the perfect balance between logic and art. The study of
2	    	Computing is especially interesting to me as it reflects the ways in which people execute this
3	    	balance be it in the form of a game, an app and in robotics.
4	    	I first started engaging heavily in computing during secondary school in which I was on the
5	    	GCSE IT course. In this course I learnt various skills such as web developing and making
6	    	interactive interfaces using flash.
7	    	During the latter part of my time in secondary school a friend and I, under the supervision
8	    	of our IT teacher, ran a small coding club for the younger year groups. At first this club was
9	    	designed to teach the basics of coding to anyone who wanted to come, we did this by first
10	    	introducing them to Python and how to use it to create various types of programs such as
11	    	quizzes which works by getting and returning user-input. We moved onto using the Raspberry Pi
12	    	after its release which is when my curiosity and interest in robotics was sparked. With the
13	    	help of our teacher we were able to use a Raspberry Pi as the basis for a fully
14	    	pre-programmable autonomous RC car.
15	    	My A-Levels have broadened my knowledge and skills in both analytical and numerical ways.
16	    	I chose to study Mathematics as I believe it is the foundation for much of the theory
17	    	and technicalities of Computing for example: coordinate geometry is crucial in programming
18	    	character hitboxes in a game if you want to increase the interactivity and the immersiveness
19	    	of the experience to the user. Algorithms are also crucial; Dijkstra's algorithm, which is
20	    	used to find the shortest path between two nodes in a graph, could be used in any
21	    	maps/navigation app to gauge how long it would take a user to get from their home to their
22	    	workplace.
23	    	Currently I am on an apprenticeship scheme, I work 4 days a week at Simply Business (an
24	    	insurance broker) in the marketing department, in which I write SQL queries to pull customer
25	    	data. It is also used to send automated emails. I spend 1 day every week with Step Forward for
26	    	training which consists of learning IT admin skills for the Salesforce platform and other IT
27	    	related fundamental skills such as assembling a pc unit. This scheme is teaching me skills
28	    	beyond the realm of IT such as: maintaining professionalism, collaborating efficiently as a
29	    	team as well as public speaking skills which I've developed further by attending public
30	    	speaking forums.
31	    	The product of my experiences have been the skills and techniques I've developed and refined
32	    	such as using Java to develop apps. In 2014 a friend and I developed a Java based multi-user
33	    	chat client for students to talk on school-wide. Besides my collaborative projects I've also
34	    	developed a game based on the mobile game "Flappy Birds". The aim of this project was to
35	    	develop the graphic design skills needed in conjunction with the coding aspect of creating an
36	    	app. I did this by researching the common techniques of creating models such as using pixel
37	    	style sprite sheets to animate sequences or 3D techniques such as using the source engine.
38	    	This project alongside all others are open source and available on Github.
39	    	My hobbies include working out at the gym, rounds of table tennis and skating. Table tennis is
40	    	a very high octane game which is why I enjoy it, it requires high focus and concentration and
41	    	fast reflexes which I believe to be important skills in the wider world.
42	    	I one day hope to start up my own development team and work on independent projects and by
43	    	studying this course I anticipate that I'll be surrounded by like-minded and eager programmers
44	    	that could potentially be a part of said team I also want to do this course in order to expand
45	    	my knowledge on computing as I have so much yet to learn and hopefully gain more practical
46	    	experience in the subject which will no doubt aid me in achieving my vision. I hope that these
47	    	experiences have given me a valuable background to engage in a Computer Science course.
